You read it wrong.
Why is your boss's diamond ring here?
Also, what if you're the boss?
Then I'll hug your thigh directly.
Your boss, it was a good day for you to come in.
Yeah, I almost quit my job.
But luckily, I'm very professional.
Directly become secretary of the late General.
By the way, my boss gave me an overtime bonus today.
Your delivery is also high.
The three of us went out together.
Yeah, next time.
Um, tell me, is your boss handsome and rich?
He is handsome, and most importantly, he is good to our future boss.
Tens of millions of diamond rings don't blink when paying cards.
The lady of our future director-general is so happy to treat her lover with such sincerity.
Do you like a man like your boss?
Laughing at what?
Your best friend, who am I, don't you even know?
This is not to be afraid that the person you like shouldn't like will get hurt.
Since the last time I was picked up by my younger brother, I've locked my heart.
I only have work in my heart.
Ten o'clock tomorrow.
Business Hotel Talk Cooperation
Dress up a little.
Yes, boss.
General Manager Gu is here.
This is Alex.
Hello, this is Jason.
Hi.
General Manager Gu heard he bought the True Love necklace for $150 million at auction.
The noble woman below is Mrs. Gu.
You got it wrong.
I'm General Manager Gu's secretary.
I'm calling you out.
Help you.
Remember when to bring your age to see me.
I'll call Mr. Zhao to stay.
Go see him for me.
Unexpected.
There is also such a first-class beauty.
Your secretary has such a beautiful body.
Normally not less moisturized.
What are you doing? I'm General Manager Gu's secretary.
A small secretary.
I think you can compare that to hundreds of millions of projects.
Try hard if you know.
I like you, I shouldn't have put you in my bed.
You can move my people too.